The Wei Gong is the General Manager
Can't you even get on your knees?
Not enough.
I am the court proclaiming the high priest
Are you eligible?
Not enough.
So what about plus I'm minister of etiquette?
It's not enough.
Interestingly, two three-volume books are not qualified.
Then what about this second-generation Quang Loc grandmaster and crown prince who lacks the right to say huh?
It's much longer.
Li Huining, you really don't know how to live and die.
Don t you know that these four people are all royal officials?
They can cut off your life and death with a single word.
You have broken this order.
Do you want to break through the sky?
So what?
Aren t you going to get down on your knees and apologize to the Wei Gong and these three masters?
I told you.
They.
It's not worth it.
You're crazy.
You want to die, die yourself.
Don't worry about our house, there's our house.
In that case.
Then add to this the chief princess under General To Son Ha here.
General under your princess.
Not bad, Wei Gong just said that my Su family is getting married today.
The saints will come and see.
Even the chief princess who had retired for many years would personally visit.
It's an honor.
There's no need to tell.
Haha ha, my Su family will face the chief princess and take a step to the sky.
Enjoy the honor.
Do you think that's enough now?
What is the river you are?
Well worth facing the big princess
You.
General To was a general under the chief princess.
Now married to the chief princess.
How not to face
A rural woman can't touch
How can you understand the power of the princess?
That's the saint today.
The Grand Marshal founded the entire dynasty.
Humiliate the Chief Princess
That is the great crime of killing the Nine Clans.
Hum.
I know.
Right now.
You all want to take me down.
Be good in front of the lady in your mouth.
But...
Excuse me.
You're not qualified.
All right.
Look all summer.
He was the first to dare to speak to the highest authority.
Li Huining, you are really looking for death.
I'm glad I drew a line with you.
You will be killed sooner or later.
If you want to fight me.
We must face the Great Depression.
Then I will fulfill your vanity.
Go.
Break his leg for me.
Let's see who dares to fight the princess.
This bone.
How hard is it?
I'll see who dares.
What's he doing here?
Short knowledge
Lonely.
Do you know who she is?